Sometimes you have to give up on love to progress
I'm never letting the people I love or who'v treated me well down again...
POST!!!BREAKWanna know how to be mentally strong? Stop depending on things to distract you from moral mistakes and live with them... don't piss your money away on distractions and stop relying on medication to pretend you're ok. Change your mind yourself using the world itself... (commit to working on yourself, yourself... no reliancy is needed) every single person in the UK Is "bipolar" to an extent. Its called being human...
^^if you've raised a kid without ethical morals your a disho...
POST!!!BREAKIts why I'm always alone now
POST!!!BREAKWe Was 14-15 Doing 25-30 Yr Old Activities ,That’s Why I’m Always In The House Now
POST!!!BREAKTo be the strongest and most prepared you have to suffer the worst. Everyone who knew me growing up knows I suffered worse then all of you at that age...
POST!!!BREAK"United Kingdom" isn't the name it's a title that was named our country. There's nothing properly united here anymore so we're denominated to "Great Britain" but we're not great anymore what so ever. So. Focus on making us great again then in probably 20 years we can start talking about being "united Kingdom" again . We're in recession afterall... stop living up to a name that's no longer the case ignorant "government"...
POST!!!BREAKThe odd one out always turns into a goat and growing up I've always been the odd one out...
^^either an escape goat or a go ahead goat and I finally choose the later
POST!!!BREAKOne thing a blind fool would definitely not of learnt from ukraine is that WW3 won't necessarily be fought with nukes...
POST!!!BREAKLiterately goes to show that it's apparently criminal to be a man in the modern day world. Society has BECOME a crime against humanity itself...
True immoral degeneracy in our part of the world... us western lot are the modern day bad guys...
POST!!!BREAKJust Wow Family how do y’all feel about this one????
POST!!!BREAKPepsi 
POST!!!BREAKI've already met them 
POST!!!BREAKThe uk government brings Christianic language and all other beliefs into one singular body... sometime later now literate bodies are being brought together under one body. Some people literally assigning themself as cats lol (but that's a iffy one) one day a 10 year old kid will identify as a 24 year old and a 63 year old will identify as a school kid - but now that's going too far. Yeah your right our country is morally corrupt as f*ck...
^^when things "flourish" without fi...
POST!!!BREAKWhy whole life I've always been a people's person. Then now that I'm older I realise this big thing I've been doing wrong is I actually would rather be alone and that I'm not actually a people's person. People are evil and vile. At the same time I am because I care about the way people feel more then myself... so selfless I continually forget who I am and then remember over and over again...
POST!!!BREAK
POST!!!BREAKYES hahaha modern day righteousness. The "personalised ads" ruin people's lives through influence to help fund modern day businesses... (online businesses) wake up everyone, ignore the BS (they're doing something about the platforms degeneracy...)
POST!!!BREAKI learnt what honour and respect is the hard way not "mental health issues"
There's a difference between "mentally ill" and morally bankrupt "ill"
^^it starts with you... if your morally ill stay the hell away from my type of people
POST!!!BREAKWhy didn't I realise how actually and severely traumatised I was for so long... maybe I always will be... wish I could just tap out but wait I've already done that for way too long... why have I deserved to suffer for 8+ constant years. Imagine losing joy in all your interests (even though you have a lot of interests) imagine absolutely loving life but at the same time nowhere feels like anything special anymore (I'm safe and all) just kind of forgotten what being humans like...
POST!!!BREAKAnyone that's actually grown knows what perspective this is
POST!!!BREAKThis explains a lot!!!!
POST!!!BREAKKeeping myself to myself until the right time  I know those who work hard, have faith and morality get rewarded in the end. Just rebounding between thoughts on and off all over again. I'll get to a stronger place and I'll be able to give you what I wouldn't of been able to before 
^^I've always worked hard. Just never had faith in myself
POST!!!BREAKOur countries way of trying to control overpopulation is through systematic manipulation through false encouragement and false influence. Now a days you get clawed at by the whole world for being straight. So as long as your respected and respectedable and have outgoing respect you're not meant to care what the whole world thinks. The troubled ones will follow in your wake.
^^ I refuse to let my future kid be a product of a single parent. I will be a provider and a protector...
POST!!!BREAKNo way!! R.I.P Big dee - another person I've had good memories with gone already... lifes evil, will see you again one day old friend. People I've known are dropping all the time 
POST!!!BREAKR.I.P Dee Reece it was an absolute pleasure to know you and have you in our lives, we absolutely loved you to bits, me and Daniel will miss you so much, thank y...
POST!!!BREAKEveryone my generation KNOWS. I just want success first and my wifey knows
My mum forever and always
POST!!!BREAKTHIS !!! 
POST!!!BREAKPeople are so trained to not care about things that are free (moral decency)
POST!!!BREAKIt costs £0.00 to remind your mate they aren't alone in this world.
Remember that
POST!!!BREAKThe more forward thinking you are the more people try and take it away from you because earth is already revolving around them they just don't think anyone else has any future other than theirs so they're weird... When you think about your future everyone is your enemy because no one respectedly talks things through with you.
^^so don't rely on people to help you too much. Watch the stupidity around you and learn from it, some people like being stupid 
POST!!!BREAKLiving around faithless
POST!!!BREAKYou have to be mentally ill to sing or rap... you have to have BS to set right to be able to rap... you have to have heart break to be able to sing...
^^you have to have a greater control on your mind then the average person to be able to come up with your own lyrics afterall. It's not "talent" it's being "mentally ill"
^^you have to be in your own world to be able to do ahem. Not care what anyone thinks about you, you can get "stage fright" I mean it's starting that's the ...
POST!!!BREAKEncouraging people to have week will isnt normal... having week will lowers your susceptibility to learn... lowers your chances at becoming more intelligent...
POST!!!BREAKI don't let my emotions get controlled by someone else thinking thats normal I live with them and ignore them in conversations... that's called being a grown man. Just get upset when I'm alone because that's when people don't see it. Not because I'm a danger to myself but because I get angry over letting someone ruin me from blackmail or I get annoyed at myself for not getting my life plans done... don't like that I can control my dark thoughts? Get some strength back in your...
POST!!!BREAKThe reason why "gen-z" and trasngenderism is a thing is because of low resilience and no regard for integrity build up in the younger generations (while they're in school and as a kid). All because how abuse is seen is being all backwards... let me guess I'm "talking against" transgenders. Get over it... you want a "Great" population Britain? For "Great Britain" then bring integrity back. Instead of criticising and trying to control what masculinity is... pathetic dump of a p...
POST!!!BREAKAnyone and everyone tells and KNOWS that teenage years are the MOST important years of sleep, (the people who have no forward thinking on it will say "they're only kids" teenagers aren't kids they're specifically teen "agers"...) it's a defining point of growing responsible or irresponsible (mental independence) you grow irresponsible (I did) your more likely to miss out and end up being labelled (if you don't fight the systems BS) now you can only live with that restraint an...
POST!!!BREAKThere I was... (just history repeated itself for years)
I've been a victim of saying "you can't help someone who won't help themself" but I've also been that person and lost a massive future for myself...
All that time I just needed to be saved from myself...
No-one wants to believe what that means...
(Rehab, no-one close to me even my own mum ever thought it was what I needed even 7+ years ago, but I did. I wasted so much time that it ended up with me rehabilitating myself...) it was another big future I could of had that I lost that caused me to do it...
^^the loss started me on the path and the same type of loss that ended the path (love)... how sad is that  if I had been myself back then I wouldn't of lost 2 loves and caused 2x the hurt on them and myself... I was just too young to understand... - that's what makes it harder. It was subconscious though as I was born from loss 
I went so long "not needing love" I forgot what it was, I just knew how to care for someone and not myself, at the same time only cared about myself... how pathetic is that 
POST!!!BREAK#RobinWilliams
POST!!!BREAKThis 15-year-old girl lived in the Inca empire and was sacrificed to the gods 500 years ago.
She is so well preserved because she was frozen while sleeping and ...
POST!!!BREAKSoldiers suffer - maybe its what I've been running from or "you can't do that" from...
POST!!!BREAKThis is me in person but about the world in song writing I'm an absolute monster 
POST!!!BREAKA friend asked me how to not get upset over little things I said - I learnt to just see humans when I look at people... funny enough we are and then it's equal respect - how tranquility like does that sound... (its why I can get along with the worst and the best of people) and make a friend out of anyone
POST!!!BREAK